“All right, try to take it a little easy now, Arthur,” the gray-haired man said. “In the first place, if I know the Ellenbogens, they probably all hopped in a cab and went down to the Village for a couple of hours. All three of ’em’ll probably barge -”

“I have a feeling she went to work on some bastard in the kitchen. I just have a feeling. She always starts necking some bastard in the kitchen when she gets tanked up. I’m through. I swear to God I mean it this time. Five goddam–”

“Where are you now, Arthur?” the gray-haired man asked. “Home?”

“Yeah. Home. Home sweet home. Christ.”

“Well, just try to take it a little – What are ya – drunk, or what?”

“I don’t know. How the hell do I know?”

“All right, now, listen. Relax. Just relax,” the gray-haired man said. “You know the Ellenbogens, for Chrissake. What probably happened, they probably missed their last train. All three of ’em’ll probably barge in on you any minute, full of witty, night-club–”

“They drove in.”

“How do you know?”

“Their baby-sitter. We’ve had some scintillating goddam conversations. We’re close as hell. We’re like two goddam peas in a pod.”

“All right. All right. So what? Will ya sit tight and relax, now?” said the gray-haired man. “All three of ’em’ll probably waltz in on you any minute. Take my word. You know Leona. I don’t know what the hell it is — They all get this god-awful Connecticut gaiety when they get in to New York. You know that.”

“Yeah. I know. I know. I don’t know, though.”

“Certainly you do. Use your imagination. The two of ’em probably dragged Joanie bodily –”

“Listen. Nobody ever has to drag Joanie anywhere. Don’t gimme any of that dragging stuff.”

“Nobody’s giving you any dragging stuff, Arthur,” the gray-haired man said quietly.

“I know, I know! Excuse me. Christ, I’m losing my mind. Honest to God, you sure I didn’t wake you?”

“I’d tell you if you had, Arthur,” the gray-haired man said. Absently, he took his left hand out from between the girl’s upper arm and chest wall. “Look, Arthur. You want my advice?” he said. He took the telephone cord between his fingers, just under the transmitter. “I mean this, now. You want some advice?”

“Yeah. I don’t know. Christ, I’m keeping you up. Why don’t I just go cut me –”

“Listen to me a minute,” the gray-haired man said. “First – I mean this, now – get in bed and relax. Make yourself a nice, big nightcap, and get under the –”

“Nightcap! Are you kidding? Christ, I’ve killed about a quart in the last two goddam hours. Nightcap! I’m so plastered now I can hardly –”

“All right. All right. Get in bed, then,” the gray-haired man said. “And relax – ya hear me? Tell the truth. Is it going to do any good to sit around and stew?”

“Yeah, I know. I wouldn’t even worry, for Chrissake, but you can’t trust her! I swear to God. I swear to God you can’t. You can trust her about as far as you can throw a — I don’t know what. Aaah, what’s the use? I’m losing my goddam mine.”

“All right. Forget it, now. Forget it, now. Will ya do me a favor and try to put the whole thing out of your mind?” the gray-haired man said. “For all you know, you’re making – I honestly think you’re making a mountain –”

“You know what I do? You know what I do? I’m ashameda tell ya, but you know what I very nearly goddam do every night? When I get home? You want to know?”

“Arthur, listen, this isn’t –”

“Wait a second — I’ll tell ya, God damn it. I practically have to keep myself from opening every goddam closet door in my apartment – I swear to God. Every night I come home, I half expect to find a bunch of bastards hiding all over the place. Elevator boys. Delivery boys. Cops–”

“All right. All right. Let’s try to take it a little easy, Arthur,” the gray-haired man said. He glanced abruptly to his right, where a cigarette, lighted some time earlier in the evening, was balanced on an ashtray. It obviously had gone out, though, and he didn’t pick it up. “In the first place,” he said into the phone. “I’ve told you many, many times, Arthur, that’s exactly where you make your biggest mistake. You know what you do? Would you like me to tell you what you do? You go out of your way – I mean this, now – You actually go out of your way to torture yourself. As a matter of fact, you actually inspire Joanie –” He broke off. “You’re bloody lucky she’s a wonderful kid. I mean it. You give that kid absolutely no credit for having any good taste – or brains, for Chrissake, for that matter –”

“Brains! Are you kidding? She hasn’t got any goddam brains! She’s an animal!”

The gray-haired man, his nostrils dilating, appeared to take a fairly deep breath. “We’re all animals,” he said. “Basically, we’re all animals.”

“Like hell we are. I’m no goddam animal. I may be a stupid, fouled-up twentieth-century son of a bitch, but I’m no animal. Don’t gimme that. I’m no animal.”